[Music]
once I began to understand protein
requirements for muscle protein
synthesis for building muscle I quickly
realize that we need a lot more protein
than most people are getting it's
basically a gram per pound of bodyweight
steak for example is 38 percent usable
whey protein is 18 percent usable so
most of whey protein that you're taking
in is not usable by the body when I
created for dejenne the objective was
the most efficient protein so it's a
hundred percent essential amino acids
its base was from a cancer treatment so
it was the most efficient protein the
smallest amount of material to be
digested to have the highest protein
value for cellular repair so all we did
was we took that cancer treatment and
then adjusted some of the ratios so that
instead of looking at repair of damaged
cells from chemotherapy and radiation
what we're doing is giving the body what
it needs for the maximum amount of
muscle protein synthesis it's very
efficient and will drive you towards
your muscle building goal